README.md, before:

# LiveSplit.Salt
Salt and Sanctuary autosplitter for LiveSplit.

The original autosplitter did not work anymore. This is my attempt to fix it.

## Summary
- [LiveSplit.Salt](#livesplitsalt)
  - [Summary](#summary)
  - [Installation](#installation)
    - [Automated](#automated)
    - [Hands on](#hands-on)
  - [Features](#features)
  - [Ideas that may or may not see the light](#ideas-that-may-or-may-not-see-the-light)
  - [Known issues](#known-issues)
    - [When starting a new run, it autosplits until the last split.](#when-starting-a-new-run-it-autosplits-until-the-last-split)

## Installation

### Automated
If I did everything right, Livesplit should suggest you to use it automatically. It will
take care of the download and installation for you. Just click `Activate` and you're done.

### Hands on
If your Livesplit can't find it, you can download the [Livesplit.Salt/Components/
LiveSplit.Salt.dll](https://github.com/vorban/LiveSplit.Salt/blob/master/Livesplit.Salt/Components/LiveSplit.Salt.dll) file.

Put it in your LiveSplit's Components folder (`C:\Path\To\My\Livesplit\Components\`).
Reopen Livesplit and it should be available.

## Features
- Auto start
- Autosplit on each boss except Nameless God
- Randomize character appearance on each split (optional)
- Splits when finishing the game (after Nameless God)

## Ideas that may or may not see the light
- Option to split on nameless king
- Maybe use actual boss health to split (instead of item drop)
- Randomize after character creation
- Option to split on specific item/spell loot/use, and on gameload.

## Known issues

### When starting a new run, it autosplits until the last split.

**What happens**: If you start a run, then reset (or finish), and start a new one,
there is a period of time when you start the new game, during which the
game keeps track of the previous character you played.
The autosplitter acknowledges the beginning of the new run and autostarts,
and at the same time it reads all the boss items in the inventory, and splits
accordingly.

**Fix**: Restarting Livesplit and/or the game seems to do the trick.
A patch is in progress for this issue.

Commit message:

fix(wrong split): prevent autosplitting all splits if a previous save was loaded

README.md, after:

# LiveSplit.Salt
Salt and Sanctuary autosplitter for LiveSplit.

The original autosplitter did not work anymore. This is my attempt to fix it.

## Summary
- [LiveSplit.Salt](#livesplitsalt)
  - [Summary](#summary)
  - [Installation](#installation)
    - [Automated](#automated)
    - [Hands on](#hands-on)
  - [Features](#features)
  - [Ideas that may or may not see the light](#ideas-that-may-or-may-not-see-the-light)
  - [Known issues](#known-issues)
    - [The run auto-starts, but doesn't autosplit](#the-run-auto-starts-but-doesnt-autosplit)
    - [When starting a new run, it autosplits until the last split.](#when-starting-a-new-run-it-autosplits-until-the-last-split)

## Installation

### Automated
If I did everything right, Livesplit should suggest you to use it automatically. It will
take care of the download and installation for you. Just click `Activate` and you're done.

### Hands on
If your Livesplit can't find it, you can download the [Livesplit.Salt/Components/
LiveSplit.Salt.dll](https://github.com/vorban/LiveSplit.Salt/blob/master/Livesplit.Salt/Components/LiveSplit.Salt.dll) file.

Put it in your LiveSplit's Components folder (`C:\Path\To\My\Livesplit\Components\`).
Reopen Livesplit and it should be available.

## Features
- Auto start
- Autosplit on each boss except Nameless God
- Randomize character appearance on each split (optional)
- Splits when finishing the game (after Nameless God)

## Ideas that may or may not see the light
- Option to split on nameless king
- Maybe use actual boss health to split (instead of item drop)
- Randomize after character creation
- Option to split on specific item/spell loot/use, and on gameload.

## Known issues

### The run auto-starts, but doesn't autosplit

This has been fixed in 0.0.6. Make sure your autosplitter is up-to-date.
### When starting a new run, it autosplits until the last split.

This has been fixed in 0.1.0. Make sure your autosplitter is up-to-date.
